I think you have something you want to
tell me
[Music]
Harlan started out with a rusty
smith-corona and built himself into one
of the best-selling mystery writers of
all time thirty languages over 80
million copies sold you guys fans I mean
I don't do much fiction reading myself
big fan big fan it's that guy mr. Blanc
is a private investigator of great
renown I read a tweet about a New Yorker
article about you you're famous the
night of his demise the family had
gathered to celebrate your father's 85th
birthday and your son ransom video 10 as
well yes but he left early I think Linda
was upset Walt would get a little Irish
courage in him he'd get into it with
Harlan what Richard said what are you
baiting me detective attempting to be
thorough so we can figure out the manner
of death you made if someone killed him
you think one of us one of his family
mr. Blanc I just buried my father who
committed suicide why are you here
I suspect foul play
I have eliminated no Sussman Harlan was
cleaning house everyone in the family
has possible motive was halt and
planning on cutting off joy did he plan
to file Walter near the Richard having
an affair that's some heavy-duty
conjecture funny ransom you skipped the
funeral but you're early for the will
reading up your ass very nice family is
truly desperate when people get
desperate the nerves come out this is a
twisted web and we are not finished on
tangle in it not yet
I keep waiting for the big reveal
all of them lied to me there is long
fealty falling behind at all you know
something spill it
my god tell me what happened to my
grandfather
I think you have something you want to
tell me
you